## *Developer Log #1*
It is currently the 16th of December, 2025. While this particular GitHub repository has only been active for a couple of days at this point,
this project has been weeks in the making. My original GitHub repository was not initilized correctly, and this critical error led to a major
setback in terms of progress. Upon completing the backend of my project and starting to install dependencies for the frontend (npm, and other
frontend libraries and tools), I realized this error and quickly went to resolve it. However, what initially seemed like a simple error turned
out to be far more challenging that I had initially expected, resulting in the loss of my first project. This experience has tought me the extreme
importance of ensuring that the project and repo are properly initialized as expected upon the start of a new project, because failing to prepare correctly
is preparing to fail.

That being said, what seemed like a drastic loss in progress at first may have been a blessing in disguise. Not only has it tought me a crucial lesson
on version control and the importance of initializing correctly upon starting a new project, but this setback has given me the opportunity to
think deeper about core features and concepts within my application. Early into my programming journey, I would come across a challenge or problem, think about
it for a little while, but when I inevitably could not reach a solution, I would consult with ChatGPT or a similar Generative AI "companion". However, once I
had to restart this project, I vowed not to touch any generative AI for any of the core features within my code. For example, the .gitignore file was generated
by AI, but 100% of the Models, Views, any Migrations made or Urls changed, have been done by me.

I wanted to create this /devlogs directory so I could document my thoughts and learning experiences as I continue to build my project.

Best,  
Ryan
